So now you know about Lambda functions,
and I hope you agree that they are
a super valuable tool which every programmer should have in his toolbox.
They're convenient and they are versatile,
and they can be used for many purposes also outside of concurrent programming.
In the next section, we will take a look at two additional ways of starting up
threads with periodic templates and with member functions.
Once you have mastered these,
you can choose from four ways and total for launching the thread,
and the last section of this lesson we will then focus on
launching threads and several threads all at once.
So see you there in the next section.